EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/product_description/catalog_and_search.md

## The catalog

> The catalog is built using categories and products. The categories and products can be translated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The catalog is built using categories and products that can be translated. 
```

> Categories and products can be set up as Content items, or in eContent. eContent is a storage provider for eZ Commerce which can store product data in a very efficient way. It enables storing data (mostly for products and product groups) in database tables with a simple structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Categories and products can also be set up as Content items, or in eContent. eContent is a storage provider for eZ Commerce which can store product data in a very efficient way. It enables storing data (mostly for products and product groups) in database tables with a simple structure.
```

- Fast imports (e.g. from ERP or PIM systems)
- Supports more than one million products
- Search-ready
- Fast access
- Avoids storing products in the CMS content model
- eContent offers a staging feature and enhanced catalog segmentation features and allows imports during production and switching catalogs.

Additionally a PIM system can be used to manage all product data.

eZ Commerce is prepared to sell physical products. It can be enhanced by partners to sell other products such as digital products.

### Categories/Product groups

![product catalog](img/product_catalog_2.png)

A category represents a product group. eZ Commerce enables showing a product category page using different layouts. The layout can be configured in the backend.

> Three different layouts are provided by default (displaying sub-categories, product list or both on the entry page of a category). You can also configure if bestsellers of the group should be displayed. This is done in the configuration settings in the Back Office of the shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three different layouts are provided by default (displaying sub-categories, product list or both on the entry page of a category). You can also configure in the Back Office if bestsellers of the group should be displayed.
```

### Product type

> A product type (not to be confused with variants) represents a collection of very similar products that differ only for some characteristics. It is used to show a list of products in a tabular way, every product can be added to basket directly from this overview page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A product type (not to be confused with variants) represents a collection of very similar products that differ only in some characteristics. It is used to show a list of products in a tabular way, every product can be added to the basket directly from overview page. 
```

A product can have:

- one or more images (in the standard config up to 3),
- an SKU
- text fields (name, description, intro)
- specifications offering different groups of data as marketing data, technical data, others depending on the data that have been created in the backend

From the product detail the user can directly add a product to basket, wishlist, comparison or stored basket.

### Variant product
	

> eZ Commerce supports variants with 1 or 2 levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce supports variants with one or two levels.
```

### Product comparison

A customer can compare products in a comparison list. The comparison list automatically groups products per product category (so e.g. mixer cannot be compared to microwave).

> The customer can change the order of the sorting by dragging and can decide to display only differences of the products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customer can change the order of the sorting by dragging and can display differences of the products.
```

- content such as blog entries, news, articles
- assets such as downloads

> It respects the permissions and roles of the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It respects the permissions and Roles of the customer.
```

![Search](img/search_1.png)

![Search](img/search_2.png)

### Filters and facets

> Almost all product fields can be used as a facet if they are indexed. This can be controlled by a configuration file which enables setting up different facets for the product catalog and search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Almost all product Fields can be used as a facet if they are indexed. This can be controlled by a configuration file which enables setting up different facets for the product catalog and search.
```

> Facets can be grouped. For more complex facets new fields can be implemented using the IndexPlugin features of Solr search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Facets can be grouped. For more complex facets new Fields can be implemented using the IndexPlugin features of Solr search.
```

> Note: There are restrictions for variants, it is not possible to mix the variant attributes as facets if the same attribute is set for main products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note

    There are restrictions for variants, it is not possible to mix the variant attributes as facets if the same attribute is set for main products.
```

![Filters and facets](img/Filter_Facetts.png)

### Autosuggest

> The autosuggest feature offers suggestion as you type and enables adding an orderable product to the basket directly from the search box. It suggests products, categories, downloads and content. The autosuggest matches products where the name starts with the search term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autosuggest feature offers suggestion as you type and enables adding an available product to the basket directly from the search box. It matches products, categories, downloads and content based on the name that starts with the search term.
```
